http://localhost:8080/lighthouse/data/categories
http://localhost:8080/lighthouse/data/items



Turtle Shell 2.0 shock proof and water resistant bluetooth speaker


Glastonbury Solar Concept Tent
No one can buy it yet, but we can't wait for the ideas in this concept tent, first discussed at the 2009 Glastonbury Festival, to become reality. Working with the idea that specially coated solar threads may soon be woven into fabric, this tent would have three glide sections of that material. Campers could move the sections to follow the sun to capture solar energy.
That energy could be employed to identify the tent using either an SMS message or RFID technology; both would trigger a distinctive glow in the tent. The designers also envision a flexible, touchscreen LCD screen in the tent, plus a wireless charging pouch for mobile phones and other devices.



the best brands often function as extensions of a consumer’s personality or as communicative symbols to express identity, social membership, cultural affiliation, prestige, desire, priorities and more.



Experiences of exclusivity motivate many early adopters to take risks on a new product. There is a thrill (and status) to being the first to explore, adopt and adapt. 



In seeking to climb the bell curve, many brands and businesses limit their interest in and investigation of early adopters to their capacity for broadcasting – their ability to transmit viral-like information and excitement about a new product to a next wave of consumers. Whether through old media (e.g. hipster print), new media (e.g. Twitter) or even street level word-of-mouth, the cultural capital cultivated by early adopters and recognized by the early majority makes them trusted sources of information, opinion-formers and co-authors of new knowledge on what’s hot and what’s not.




Innovators are willing to take risks, have the highest social status, have financial liquidity, are social and have closest contact to scientific sources and interaction with other innovators. Their risk tolerance allows them to adopt technologies that may ultimately fail. Financial resources help absorb these failures.
Early Adopters - These individuals have the highest degree of opinion leadership among the adopter categories. Early adopters have a higher social status, financial liquidity, advanced education and are more socially forward than late adopters. They are more discreet in adoption choices than innovators. They use judicious choice of adoption to help them maintain a central communication position.




Wearable technologies promise a window to a world of information that never existed before. Our bodies have always been somewhat of a mystery, in many ways difficult to control. Making visible what goes on inside us can drive a revolution – a renaissance in the way we take control of our bodies and take ownership of our health. And it’s coming sooner than you think.
http://www.miscmagazine.com/will-we-be-wearing-the-next-breakthrough-in-health-2/



http://www.coolantarctica.com/Antarctica%20fact%20file/science/clothing_in_antarctica.php
